Hahaha, I flattered him just to marry you.
Instead, he defends the relationship between the two of you
He stopped me from being with you
This dead old woman is dead
You bastard
My good brother
Don't worry.
It's all packed for you inside.
Just think about it.
Take away
come out
Don't come here
Put him down!
If you don't want him to die, step back for me
Let go and you
You also step back for me and put us down
I don't want you to die after drinking so much
What do you want?
Ups and downs, put the knife down
I promise you everything
Now I know I'm afraid
Late I tell you
Even if I were to die now, I would still be with me
Haha wait
I know what you want is not Suna at all
Don't you just hate me?
Don't you just want to retake the test?
I'll give it all to you, let him go to me
And you don't like him?
All I want is to take everything from you
Why are you an upright and exclusive young master?
I'm just a grim reaper.
I want you to take everything from you
I want to take away the women in your company